c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll.config
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Core.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.EF.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Core.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.EF.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Mvvm.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll
c:\users\svetlana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll.config
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\MedicalClinic.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.EF.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Mvvm.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.EF.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Mita.Mvvm.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\obj\Debug\MedicalClinic.pdb
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\ru\mscorlib.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\normidna.nlp
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\normnfc.nlp
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\normnfd.nlp
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\normnfkc.nlp
C:\Users\Alina\Desktop\MedicalClinic\MedicalClinic\bin\Debug\normnfkd.nlp
